{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23860\viewh14980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dear \{recipient_name\},\
\
I hope you are well. My name is Esteban Puyana, and I\'92m a third-year student at Northeastern University, pursuing a combined degree in Computer Science and Philosophy. Additionally, at Northeastern, I am part of the university\'92s chapter of the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, a member of the Chess and Squash clubs A-teams, and I host a weekly radio show in WRBB (the local university station).\
\
This past fall semester I completed my first Co-Op experience, where I worked as a data architecture engineer for an international hotel management firm from August through December. This upcoming summer, I will be interning at Maine-based biotech company EnviroLogix, working as a software engineer. \
\
Due to Northeastern\'92s Co-Op program, I am allowed to take every other semester off from classes and partake in a full-time Co-Op that can last anywhere from 4-8 months. Given that I already have a summer internship, I am looking to do a fall Co-op/internship right after my summer internship with EnviroLogix. \
\
I am reaching out to see if you would be willing to take a few minutes to connect regarding my interest in \{company\}. I recently applied for a \{position\} at \{company\} and I would love to connect with you to learn more about your experience with the company, and how I can position myself as a strong candidate throughout the application process. Your perspective would be incredibly valuable as I navigate the recruiting process. Please let me know if that would be possible. I am flexible and would be happy to work around your schedule. \
\
Best regards, \
\
Esteban Puyana Salazar \
Candidate for B.S. in computer Science & Philosophy. \
Northeastern University | Khoury College of Computer Sciences \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Puyanasalazar.e@northeastern.edu"}}{\fldrslt Puyanasalazar.e@northeastern.edu}} | +1-(973)-610-9992 | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/estebanpuyanas/"}}{\fldrslt LinkedIn}} & {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/estebanpuyanas"}}{\fldrslt GitHub}}}